hi guys I'm gonna get you had to walk
over explain a shadow and some other
things first and foremost um i did a
video and i know i teach you but I teach
you fat but right now i'm teaching it
hello like really really slow taper here
wheel let's break it down then I mean 25
pounds ten seconds ten seconds 30
seconds 45 45 okay yeah did you how to
do all over I may not be the first half
right but we'll get it take a deep
breath which will make the part in here
we go penny guy we can move it buddy get
hot wheels for beginners it's good again
one two three one two three it's
possible at the third time I got it nice
you at oh gosh took me on like 10 just
like you want you you don't like to your
house I did you would expect them oh ok
so that's the place that hand I just
let's move this everybody knows we're
playing thank you no go ahead now it
does hurt a bit hey you gotta say you
put paranoid oh yes they easy
Bell one isn't defeating so okay okay
that straddle and a half now now let's
do walk over okay so you down lies next
please right right play oh yeah 30
seconds to live okay so then if i can
get it the first time hi did you have to
put a lot of work I got out of a second
time now let's try getting up with me
huh with me okay okay well the second
time yeah let's see if I can go to the
first hangover society which have to do
it I gotta the first time you see guys
we have to practice a lot okay
personnels you get a bit harder wait you
can do it do it through it and do it all
over again sorry tired um check out
please a forfeit ok that's what you call
hold on let me you go I think it's fit
for a fee yeah fit 14 that's called yeah
fit 14 ok yeah so uh thank you and i
hope you enjoyed one try let me give you
a now here's all right